rootfs: Add support for rootfs-overlay. (#11170)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-create.1.md

This is useful to run a container without requiring any image management, the rootfs
of the container is assumed to be managed externally.

  `Overlay Rootfs Mounts`

>    The `:O` flag tells Podman to mount the directory from the rootfs path as a

Reviewer: Going back and forth over keeping as is or removing the 'a'....  your call.
```suggestion
   The `:O` flag tells Podman to mount the directory from the rootfs path as
```

Author: @TomSweeneyRedHat resolved in latest commit.

storage using the `overlay file system`. The container processes

> can modify content within the mountpoint which is stored in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can modify content within the mount point which is stored in the
```

container storage in a separate directory. In overlay terms, the source
directory will be the lower, and the container storage directory will be the
upper. Modifications to the mount point are destroyed when the container
finishes executing, similar to a tmpfs mount point being unmounted.

> 

Reviewer 2: What happens if I try to `podman commit` one of these images?
